DOCS-6771 Add Synthetics Private Locations for Windows Documentation (#20959)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

This occurs when you attempt to mount a single file in a Windows-based container, which is not supported. For more information, see the [Docker mount volume documentation][16]. Ensure that the source of the bind mount is a local directory.

> ### Restart the Worker Service without a reboot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restart the Synthetics Private Location Worker service without a reboot
```

since this is a general troubleshooting page for synthetics, i think this context is necessary

> The following instructions work if you have configured the Windows Service, meaning that you installed the private location with a configuration specified at installation time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that you installed the private location with a configuration specified at installation time.
```

### GUI

> 1. Open the MSI Installer and search for **Services** in the **Start** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the MSI installer and search for **Services** in the **Start** menu.
```

> 1. Start **Services** on any user account you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start **Services** on any user account.
```

> 1. Click **Services (Local)** and find the **Service** called `Datadog Synthetics Private Location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Services (Local)** and find the service called `Datadog Synthetics Private Location`.
```

1. Right-click on the service found in Step 2 and choose **Restart**.

The Synthetics Private Location Worker now runs under the **Local Service** account. To confirm this, launch Task Manager and look for the `synthetics-pl-worker` process on the **Details** tab.

> ### Powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PowerShell
```

> 1. Start **Windows Powershell** on any Windows account that has the rights to execute Powershell scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start **Windows PowerShell** on any Windows account that has the rights to execute PowerShell scripts.
```

1. Run the following command: `Restart-Service -Name “Datadog Synthetics Private Location”`.

### Keep the Synthetics Private Location Worker running

> The following instructions work if you are logged onto the machine where the Synthetics Private Location Windows Service is installed, and you have the permissions to create scheduled tasks on the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that you are logged in on the machine where the Synthetics Private Location Windows Service is installed, and you have the permissions to create scheduled tasks on the machine.
```

> If the Synthetics Private Location Worker crashes, add a Scheduled Task in Windows which runs a Powershell script to restart the application if it stops running. This ensures that a private location is restarted after a crash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Synthetics Private Location Worker crashes, add a scheduled task in Windows that runs a PowerShell script to restart the application if it stops running. This ensures that a private location is restarted after a crash. 
```

> If you have provided a configuration file when installing the application, a Windows Service called `Datadog Synthetics Private Location` starts automatically after installation. To verify this, you can see the service running in the **Services** tool. This Windows Service takes care of restarting the private location automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provided a configuration file when installing the application, a Windows service called `Datadog Synthetics Private Location` starts automatically after installation. To verify this, ensure that you can see the service running in the **Services** tool. This Windows service restarts the private location automatically.
```
